Hello Sanket,

 

I hope all is well with you!  Ashlee Adams has been offered a Salesforce Administrator role with our Information Technology Services department here at Northeastern, and he listed you as a reference.

 

When you have a moment can you please complete the information below?  Thank you! 

 

Ashlee’s Role / Job Title while working with you:  
	Vice President at Texas Capital Bank
	Ashlee was a product owner of the Salesforce org overseeing all the feature implementations and working with different business groups to get the requirements and working with analysts and development team to get them implemented.
 

Your current job title and organization:  
	Salesforce Technical Architect at NTT Data Services, Plano, TX.

 

What association have you had with Ashlee?  (Known her for how long?  In what capacity?)
	I've known Ashlee for more than 4 years now.
	I came to know her when I joined Texas Capital Bank.
 

What were Ashlee’s primary responsibilities while she worked with you?
	When I joined the company, she was working as a Salesforce administrator taking care of daily org related maintenance tasks.
	When the team expanded and there were 5 more admins and 3 developers, she was promoted as a product owner.	
 

Does she meet her scheduled commitments?  If not, how does she communicate that there will be a delay and what does she do to try keep the schedule on-track.
	Absolutely. She is devoted to her work and she always meets her commitments.
	In rare occassions, if she is not able to meet them, she communicates in advance the cause of the delay and what she is doing to fix it.
	At TCB, I was handling monthly Salesforce releases and I always received clear communication from her if any of her work was not going to make it in a particular release.
 
Is Ashlee reliable, and is she someone you would consider hiring or recommending for a similar position?
	She is more than reliable. She is totally dependable.
	She would be a valuable asset to any team.
	I full-heartedly recommend her for your organization.
 
Can you describe any area she can or should continue to develop?
	She has been expanding her Salesforce knowledge that includes acquiring Apex development skills.
	Other than that, she is a top-notch Salesforce admin.	 

Any advice to a prospective employer as to how to work with Ashlee?
	No particular advice. Treat her as you would any other employee.
 

If you had the opportunity to work with Ashlee again, would you?
	Yes. Absolutely. 

Is there anything else you’d like to add?
	Your organization and the team would benefit immensely with addition of Ashlee.
	Apart from technical skills, she is very much a wholesome person.
	I would say hire her as fast as possible.

	
	